Keanu Reeves' Los Angeles home 'burglarized by multiple men wearing ski masks' who smashed his windows, stole a firearm and fled the scene

Keanu Reeves' house in Los Angeles was reportedly burglarized on Wednesday night.
The John Wick star, 59, was not home at the time when multiple men wearing ski masks broke into his home, stole a firearm and fled the scene before police arrived, according to TMZ.
At approximately 7:00 pm, an anonymous tip about a possible intruder at Reeves' residence - which was previously targeted in 2014 - prompted the LAPD to respond, resulting in an investigation, per the outlet.
Despite a thorough search by officers, no signs of trespassers were discovered.
However, at around 1:00 am, police received a discovered report of an activated alarm at the premises. This time, security cameras captured individuals wearing ski masks breaking through a window and entering the house.
The robbers stole one firearm before making a swift getaway, according to the news source.
Investigators are currently reviewing footage from both Reeves' home and the surrounding neighborhood in search of additional clues.
A source for TMZ said the police are 'specifically looking into is whether the first call to cops was made by someone scoping the house'.
Earlier this year, Reeves secured a temporary restraining order against an alleged stalker who had supposedly showed up at his house.
The actor - who owns an $5.6million 5,607-square-foot estate in the Hollywood Hills - hired a security firm to investigate Bryan Dixon, 39, after he kept turning up at his home, with security footage showing Dixon trespassing six times between November 5 and January 20.
Dixon allegedly entered through a side gate and fell asleep in the home's backyard on November 5, before getting thrown out. The security footage shows him peering over walls, smoking in the garden and walking along an outdoor terrace.
He then returned the next morning, leaving a  'suspicious and alarming' backpack on the property, which included a DNA testing kit 'apparently intended to use on Mr. Reeves in a delusional attempt to prove they are blood-related.'
Reeves' LA home was also the scene of back-to-back intruders in 2014.
At the time, a female intruder reportedly wandered into Reeves' home and was discovered by a cleaning team - after she stripped off and jumped in the pool.
The actor was not at the property when the incident occurred.
Authorities arrived at the property and escorted the woman away. She allegedly underwent a mental evaluation afterwards.
The incident came just two days after the star confronted another woman he found in his library.
According to TMZ, the second intruder walked into the Speed star's estate after a cleaning company left the front gate open.
The star was at home, and allegedly awoke around 4am by noises coming from the library of the property.
After getting out of bed to see what was going on, he is said to have come face-to-face with a woman in her mid-40s who had broken in and sat in his chair.
She was not arrested and was taken to a medical facility to be evaluated.
And in 2015, police investigated a man who showed up at the actor’s home and placed a FedEx envelope in his mailbox.
The envelope allegedly contained a phone number with the instruction: “I will call the cell provided tomorrow. We need to meet as I have already started building the new world. #masterbuilder,” the website reports.
